oh don't you look at me there's a bounty
on your head and it's mine
you're comin with me one way or another
all right all right all right you win oh
that's better now let's go before I
change my mind on the whole get er alive
bro come on seriously
so I forgot to show up for court no
biggie lesson learn let's move on is
that the best pitch you can come up with
are you kidding me I pitched the world
leaders man I'm in banki complex
derivatives well what are the chances
I'm in bacon two large withdrawals then
you know where I'm coming from play hard
go big no regrets right oh I'm
regretting is not killing you but the
journeys still young Wow
buzzkill alert
come on don't tell me you didn't rush
your tits off back there as a thing an
original get away I'll give you that
that's me dog unconventionals you see my
ink right I mean you never guess I have
an MBA I'm going full sleeve this year
fYI it's like when I look at you I see
homeless crackhead but you're really a
badass white-knuckle bounty hunter dudes
like you and me we will not let
normality to find us I met this hedge
fund guy called Dom a couple years back
who got me into the exports guy was a
real douche aroma but he taught me
that's okay
to be a douche so long as you're
spiritual and alive
stop taking on nature and win it and
filming it oh wow and how's that working
out for you I mean in the light of you
being on your way to jail and possibly
being killed on the way there
am i sensing a motivation swamp in your
hometown bank
hello Maude look at the two of you have
you been keeping hands are up and down
to be honest with you Maude life can be
confusing Trevor
in my youth I wanted to be a cheerleader
and I nearly made it to the top but then
I discovered a burning passion for
justice that's what brought you here
no but that's another story for another
bet
leave him here and I'll send you a fresh
sheet